[Docs] `StepperList` - Hide description and content when conditionally empty (#3908)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/stepper/list/partials/code/how-to-use.md

Using the named `<:title>` block is required. Additional information for a step is added through the named blocks `<:description>` and `<:content>`.

[[code-snippets/stepper-list-blocks]]

#### Conditional content

> If you need to conditionally show the `<:description>` or `<:content>`, you must add `~` in your conditional blocks. The `<:description>` and `<:content>` are shown based on the CSS `:empty` selector which requires no whitespace be present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Conditional content

If you need to conditionally render content within the `<:description>` or `<:content>` blocks, add `~` to your conditional blocks to remove surrounding whitespace. The display of the `<:description>` and `<:content>` slots depends on the CSS `:empty` selector which only works when no whitespace is present.

See the (Handlebars whitespace control documentation)[https://handlebarsjs.com/guide/expressions.html#whitespace-control] for more information.
```

Reviewer: How about the above?

Reviewer: Or perhaps explain briefly about the excess space if whitespeace isn't removed.

Author: It's not fully accurate to say "if you need to conditionally render content within" because a user could have other conditional blocks inside each element. This whitespace issue only applies if you are intending to conditionally hide or show the entire element. 

I've updated the copy to make a note of the additional space. Let me know what you think.

```
If you need to conditionally show the `<:description>` or `<:content>`, you must add `~` in your conditional blocks. 
The `<:description>` and `<:content>` elements are shown based on the CSS `:empty` selector which requires no whitespace be present. 
Otherwise, the HTML elements will be visible and add unintented spacing inside the component.
```
